[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music rises]
I was terrified.
Why didn't you pick up?
What's the point of having a phone then?
I wanted to keep you safe.
And if I don't wanna be safe?
Danger or no,
we'll face it as partners, won't we?
-You really piss me off.
-Ms. Hong.
Babel's real chairman…
I know who it is.
Are you serious?
Yes.
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
Is it someone we already know?
[Vincenzo] Who is this chairman?
I don't know.
[killer breathing heavily]
[screams]
Jang Han-seok!
Jang Han-seok.
We were under the impression
he was living a quiet life
in the United States.
He's not.
He was running things the whole time.
CHAIRMAN
Let's see if he picks up.
[phone beeps, line rings]
[suspenseful music]
[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
Cha-young, over here!
[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
[line ringing]
[foreboding music]
-[phone buzzes]
-[line rings]
Is your phone ringing?
Huh? No.
No calls.
[chuckles]
It's not ringing.
[line rings]
We need the police to check this out.
Don't call the police, okay, Mr. Jang.
We can handle this better
if we leave them out of it.
He has all the help he needs
without bringing the cops in.
-Put it away.
-[ringing continues]
Cool.
[exhales]
No answer.
That's kind of odd. You would think
he was expecting confirmation.
I know.
[car approaching]
-[tires screech]
-[car door opens]
[tense music]
[gun fires]
[cocks]
[tense music continues]
[Mr. Lee] Who… who are they?
I like to refer to these gentlemen
as Mr. Cassano's shadows.
Take these three to the warehouse.
I'll meet you there.
Right away.
[killer groans]
[Cha-young]
Why didn't you bring those two with you?
Because they were busy watching you,
just in case.
[suspenseful music]
Thank you, Joon-woo. You can go now.
No. I want to be here with you.
-Just go!
-[gasps]
[clicks tongue]
Mr. Jang.
I know you wanted to help Ms. Hong,
it's just not a good idea for you
to be involved.
[mysterious music]
[killer groans]
Okay. Got it, Mr. Cassano.
[sighs]
[Cha-young] Why does he look so pitiful?
[tense music]
Would you mind lending me a…
We helped ourselves to this,
your door was open.
You go ahead while we clean up here.
We'll erase all traces
of the weapon you gave them.
[sighs]
You have to swear you won't tell
the others what happened here.
[both] Aye!
We have some business to finish.
I'll leave my car here for you.
It might take a while to clean everything.
They fired a few rounds.
The empty shells
should be gathered up too.
-Right.
-That's no problem at all.
Korean men are the world champions
of shell gathering.
We can do it with our eyes closed!
Go, sir!
[engine revs]
[tires screech]
[Joon-woo screams]
[shrieks]
I was so close.
[breathing heavily]
How did he take my team up
by himself? Huh?
[screams, grunts]
[yells]
[pants]
EPISODE 11
[killer 1] Damn it.
[grunts]
[killer 2] What is this?
Wow. It's just like in the movies
but worse.
[car creaking]
It's just supposed to scare them, right?
It's possible they'll die.
It's the first time
I try using this technique.
[creaking continues]
[ominous music]
[clanking]
[bangs on car]
Hey, assholes.
Here's your chance to answer
a few questions.
First, you were the ones
who murdered the Babel researchers
when you set fire to the villa, right?
[beeping]
[revs]
[all cough]
[hisses]
[killer 1] Yes! We blew up the villa!
-We did it!
-[coughing]
-[beeps]
-[killers cough]
[retching]
[Cha-young] Second…
Gil Jong-moon and the officers
providing his security,
-you killed them also?
-Ah, shit!
-[suspenseful music]
-[beeps]
-[killer 1] No. No, no, please.
-[killer 2] Please, not again.
We all did it! Kill all the bodyguards!
-Stop!
-[killer 2] Stop it!
[killer 3] Turn it off.
[beeps]
[toots]
And now for the most important question
of all…
The four people who committed suicide
in the minivan…
that was your setup.
-Uh…
-[all breathing heavily]
[exhales]
[killer 1] Yes. Yes!
We even wrote a fake note.
[killer 1] Now stop it.
Let us out. Please!
-[remote beeping]
-[killers cough, whimper]
-Come on!
-Stop it!
[killer 1] Come on, stop!
[killers grunting]
It's quite painful, isn't it?
[killers coughing]
This is what their last moments
on Earth felt like.
We have to do whatever the boss says.
We were following Jang Han-seok's orders!
[killers cough]
[beeps]
[killers breathing heavily]
[coughing]
[labored breathing]
Jang Han-seok.
You know him?
All we know is he's somewhere in Korea.
We've never even seen his face before.
How do you know he's here?
Because he only communicates with us
from his phone.
[killer 2] He uses a voice changer
but we can tell he's close by.
Yes?
[Joon-woo] Don't come to the Plaza.
Go to the underpass
where you intercepted the minivan.
Understood, sir.
I don't believe you.
I think you know exactly where he is.
You have to believe us.
We told you all we know.
That's all they know.
[foreboding music]
That means they're all tapped out.
So no point in playing nice.
-Don't kill us!
-Let us out!
We had no choice.
You don't deserve mercy.
You deserve to die a million times over.
You had a choice
but you took it upon yourselves
and do someone else's dirty work.
You're not actually sorry.
Remorse is not on your vocabulary.
Why don't you have us arrested?
-[killer 1] We'll face our day in court.
-[laughs]
You'll face your day in court?
What good would that do?
Let's go.
-[beeping]
-[gasps]
[killer 1] We're sorry!
[coughing, retching]
-[killers breathing heavily]
-[banging]
-[phone rings]
-Mr. Cho.
Yes. Please try to locate the phone
with the number I gave you.
Yes.
I know they're helping us but…
I can't stand being near them.
Ah, Ms. Choi's goons.
They killed my father.
And I have to put
all of that aside somehow.
It's hard.
They murdered someone you love
and you feel like your hands are tied.
Do you remember what I said
when we got a hold of these guys?
When you're in a war,
if you can turn your enemy's
hunting dogs against them, then you do.
I'm only buying into this
because I accept your truth.
Well, if it makes you feel any better,
the minute they're no longer of use to us,
I'll help you throw them into the lines.
Where did you learn to fight by the way?
My parents enrolled me in martial arts.
A former GIS was my teacher.
"GIS"?
-Italian special forces.
-That explains it.
You look pretty damn cool kicking butt.
[both chuckle]
I put in the work too.
He made me work harder
than all the others.
He knew I would always get picked on
by the bigger racist kids
who saw me as weak and different.
Backing down was not an option.
How are you going to deal
with the three assassins?
Even though they're of no more use to us,
I can still be merciful.
[ominous music]
[hissing]
[Vincenzo] Today, I'll show mercy
by letting them face
a less painful punishment…
than they deserve.
[tenants] Cheers!
[Mr. Tak] Oh.
-Thank you. Thank you.
-[Yeon-jin] You were amazing.
[Mr. Nam] Is it true?
He actually scared them off
with the scissors he uses on fabric?
-Oh. Watch.
-Mm.
[Mi-ri] He didn't just scared them,
he attacked them.
-[mimics fighting grunts]
-Oh.
[laughs]
You look shocked.
You know his hands could be registered
as lethal weapons, just…
[growls]
The way he drew those scissors.
Ooh, so hot.
Did you have some kind
of special training?
Are you serious?
There's nothing special about it.
In Chungju, where I'm from,
we all know how to fight.
-But they did call me Lightning Scissors.
-[all] Ah!
You move as fast as lightning,
so it's perfect for you.
[Jeokha] Have you ever heard
of "Lightning Moktak"?
He's a monk who hits the moktak superfast.
[all laugh]
[Mr. Park] You should all
consider yourselves lucky.
You know nothing about the people
you were dealing with.
When did you guys get here?
You messed with the Gurkha knife crew.
They all have the same tattoo.
They're hardcore.
They patrol redevelopment sites
and clear people out…
[grunts]
With force.
Watch out or you might end up dead.
They've been known to go
to people's houses
and beat them to death in their own beds.
[Mr. Park] At least one of you can fight.
I don't think your wannabe ninja
over there is gonna be any help.
So disappointing, don't you think?
Actually, I think Mr. Lee
has the ability to start a fight
just maybe not to end one.
[Yeon-jin chuckles]
And that's okay.
He knows enough
to scare people off, you know,
but his bark's worse than his bite.
-[all laugh]
-[Chaesin] Mm.
So, Mr. Tak, I say we crown you
Martial Arts Master.
Lightning Scissors is,
without a doubt, number one.
-[Mr. Tak chuckles]
-And Mr. Cassano is second.
[Mr. An] No, no, no. I disagree.
I think Mr. Cassano was best.
He's extremely graceful like Donnie Yen.
[Mr. Tak] Maybe I'm not the one
who should be saying this but
Vincenzo Cassano's moves
are a little sloppy.
He reminds me of Stephen Chow.
-[Yeon-jin] Are you kidding?
-No way.
-[Yeon-jin] Still, he's cool.
-He's like a bat out of hell.
They don't know the Mr. Cassano
that I know.
-[Yeon-jin] Drink up.
-[Toto] I don't have any.
[chuckles]
-Like a bat out of hell.
-[Yeon-jin] Hey, drink up.
[Mr. Lee snickers]
["Is This Love" by Aalia playing]
[Cha-young] It's kind of weird.
Just a few hours ago,
I did something I'd never imagined,
but it seems I can drink just fine.
[Vincenzo]
Ms. Hong, you belong in the Mafia.
[Cha-young] Let's drink until 2:00 a.m.
and call it a night.
[Vincenzo] You said it.
Just until 2:00 a.m.
["Is This Love" by Aalia playing]
[Cha-young] It's 3:00 a.m.
Time's up.
[Vincenzo] Okay.
Or we could keep going till four.
I would feel bad wasting the food.
I would.
[chuckles]
I hate throwing away food.
[Cha-young giggles]
♪ That it's been out of my hand ♪
♪ A blue bird in my heart ♪
-[Cha-young groans]
-♪ Why do you try to get it out? ♪
♪ It's sad ♪
♪ It's sad to know you ♪
Makgeolli…
is a tasty black hole.
Once you start, it sucks you right down.
[chuckles]
I wanna tell you…
I'm sorry about earlier in the tunnel.
Remember I hugged you…
and you were flustered.
Don't be sorry.
You were a bit worried, that's all.
I was.
Only afterwards there were some…
unexpected feelings.
[Cha-young] Mm…
My heart was beating…
[imitates heartbeats]
…a mile a minute.
I couldn't tell…
if it was pounding like that
because I thought you were in danger
or if it's because it's possible
that I started to have feelings for you.
♪ How can I hide ♪
♪ It's everywhere ♪
I need to test out my theory.
Watch yourself on the corner.
I'm not that drunk.
Huh?
Get up, please.
What?
-Get up.
-Why?
-[sniffles]
-Okay.
[Vincenzo clears throat]
I will only hug you for ten seconds or so.
Think of it as an experiment on feelings.
[Cha-young] Mm.
Don't move, okay?
[inhales deeply]
Okay. I'm not moving.
You are moving.
Sorry.
-[chuckles]
-[feet tapping]
[romantic music]
[snickers]
Shh.
[romantic music continues]
Ha.
I thought so.
It was only because
I was worried about you.
[Cha-young] Hmm.
[groans]
[grunts]
I'm so thirsty now.
Mm.
[grunts]
Mr. Cassano, I have quite a few bottles
of makgeolli left.
Would you mind getting them for me?
[chuckles]
[heart monitor beeping]
[serene music]
[serene music continues]
[exhales]
[huffs]
Hello there.
Have you been well?
Yes, I have. Thank you.
You've been working too much, I see.
Ah. I've been busy.
You should be careful.
You have such a nice face.
You don't want to seem haggard.
[inhales deeply]
You're eating properly
and taking your medicine, right?
I am now.
Because I'm afraid you'll get angry
if I don't.
[chuckles]
The other day, your doctor said…
you beat lung cancer about 28 years ago.
Yes.
It's my destiny, I guess,
to be up against illness.
Back then, did you have any…
family?
I sure did. A son.
[exhales]
But I was told my days were numbered,
so I had to send him away.
Away where?
A world away.
I wanted for him to have a chance
to grow up happy and loved.
With his mother being gone, though…
he must have been very sad.
[dramatic music]
When I first came here,
Mr. Hong mentioned…
you seemed to consider this your penance.
-[sobs]
-You accepted prison and cancer
because of the guilt you feel
over your son.
I have a feeling your son is fine.
So you should concentrate on getting well,
not feeling guilty.
He wouldn't want you to give up.
Don't you think?
[sobs]
Yes.
I can try…
to beat this.
[dramatic music]
I would suggest we come up
with some sort of contingency plan?
Don't worry.
Vincenzo and Cha-young will never find me.
They'll get nothing from the assassins.
I made sure they never saw me.
Don't you think they might try
to learn your identity
from me or Ms. Choi?
Won't they try to force us to talk?
[ominous music]
-Your pain threshold is high, right?
-Huh?
-Hmm?
-Huh? What? Huh?
You could put up with a little torture
and a bit of electrocution,
or a baseball bat
by knocking you senseless!
No. I don't think I could endure…
But I could learn.
[screams]
Damn it!
They were my best trained hunters.
They're so hard to come by.
I'm going to miss them a little.
Unless you wanna make a trophy
out of that man…
we could settle for getting him
out of the picture.
What if we try taking
a more straightforward approach?
Straightforward?
Use what we know.
Mr. Cassano is a member of the Mafia
and we should use that information.
-You were amazing.
-Stop.
Larry, it's just stuff I learned as a kid.
-Can you teach me a little?
-It wasn't anything special.
Don't tell anyone. Oh!
[Mr. Tak] Hey!
Vincenzo Cassano.
-Good morning.
By the way…
if you ever need assistance
or a little extra muscle…
let me know.
He's our new champion.
He beat an entire gang
by stabbing them with his scissors.
When he was younger, they called him
the Lightning Scissors of Chungju.
-It was so impressive.
-Oh…
I have to go.
What?
What kind of response was that?
He doesn't seem impressed at all.
[quirky music]
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
LAWYER HONG CHA-YOUNG
[Vincenzo sighs]
Hello, sir. Can you give me a moment?
I would like you to take me on
as your bodyguard.
Say no, please.
She wants me to say no.
[Mr. Lee] You don't need to pay me.
I will just watch your back.
I wanna make sure you're safe.
-Mr. Lee.
-Yes?
You don't need to watch my back.
You need someone.
[bangs on table]
He says he's okay!
I might not be rich or highly educated,
but I have always aspired to a job
that is meaningful.
[Mr. Lee] Sir.
[yells]
[thuds]
Oh!
[Vincenzo] Are you okay?
[Mr. Lee] Put my talent to use.
I wanna help the cause
and bring down all the people
who threatened us.
[Yeon-jin] What if you get in trouble
and lose everything again?
Huh? When will we have babies then?
I'm not trying to lose anything.
I need action.
All I want is to make
our future children proud.
Grow up, honey.
Stop living your life
like some kind of Hong Kong action hero.
You want me backing out of a fight?
I have to stand up for what little I have
to protect our future family.
I may be insignificant to them
but I will fight.
Okay, okay. Don't get upset.
Just let me think about it.
-Don't even think about it!
-Okay, I won't.
-[Mr. Lee] Don't listen to her.
-Whoa.
Please let me do this, Mr. Cassano.
-Shush! Come here, Cheol-uk.
-You need someone.
-Mr. Cassano, I can help you.
-No!
-I said no! You're testing my patience!
-[Mr. Lee screams]
Don't lift me above your head!
I'll leave you if you do!
[phone buzzes]
-[sighs]
-[buzzing continues]
Good news I hope.
Well, the number of the cell phone
you gave me was traceable,
but I'm afraid there's a problem.
[Cha-young] So the records
of Jang Han-seok's burner phone
and his killer team's phones
have been erased
from the cell towers already?
Yes. When Mr. Cho got in,
they were pretty much finished.
Not too many people can make that happen.
It has to be someone at the very top.
But we did manage
to get one last phone call.
I used one of the killer's phones
to get Jang Han-seok's
when we were in the tunnel.
This is what we got.
[Mr. Nam] "Yang-dong, Giseong-gu, Seoul…"
Yang-dong?
Wait, that's where the underpass is.
That means Jang Han-seok was probably
really close to the action last night.
Wow! That's actually kind of impressive.
Hah!
Where was he hiding? Slimy rat.
That slimy rat is pissing me off.
Unfortunately, our only lead
doesn't help us much
in identifying Jang Han-seok.
[twinkly music]
Are you lost?
Funny.
Chef Toto sends his regards
and your lunch.
Special risotto.
Hmm.
[Cha-young] I feel bad taking free food.
Would you mind leaving it?
We're just in the middle of something.
-Uh-huh.
-[Cha-young] Thank you.
[Mr. Nam] I'll look into the routes
people can take to approach the underpass.
-[Vincenzo] Good idea.
-[Mr. Nam] I hope we'll find something.
It's weird to think he was so close.
He could have been watching us.
[Mr. Nam] It's creepy thinking
someone's spying on you.
Oh.
[chuckles]
Why are there only two plates?
Because you told us
not to make food for you.
Oh.
So you didn't.
If you want some, it's done.
I'm sure Chef will be happy.
[Mr. An] Here you are.
-Thank you.
-Sure. You're welcome.
-Are you all right?
-Of course I am.
Thank you for the food.
-You didn't get any. I'm so sorry. Um…
-[sighs]
-Thank you very much.
-I'm the one who should thank you.
-Well, I appreciate it.
-So do I. Bye.
I'm going now. Bye.
-Thank you so much.
-Thank you so much. Goodbye.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Have a good day.
If it's impossible to track
this phone's location…
Then it means we're going to have
to be patient.
Too bad we're not government agents.
One call and it's done in a heartbeat.
[clicks tongue, sighs]
[Mr. Nam] Mr. An?
[suspenseful music]
[kung fu yell]
[mimics monkey gibbering]
Huh?
[mimics monkey munching]
[Vincenzo] What are you doing?
-What's this?
-[Vincenzo] Don't touch that.
[mimics monkey gibbering]
[kung fu yell]
I'm going now.
[shrieks]
NANYAK TEMPLE
[man] Hello. Would you happen
to be Jeokha?
Yes.
Sir, the Administrative Headquarters
sent me.
-Ah…
-Oh, yes. We welcome you.
What can we do for you?
The Jogye Order webpage
received a complaint.
An anonymous note mentioning your temple.
It mentions us?
Why would someone complain about us?
[man] They said you forced people
to make hefty donations
and rarely held services.
What?
I assure you there's been a mistake.
Our temple is beyond reproach.
I'm sorry. We have rules.
You'll have to let us pass.
-Official protocol.
-Wait…
[stutters]
Oh.
[Chaesin] Sirs, wait.
Your shoes.
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
It's exhausting.
-Maybe I need more vitamins.
-[Mr. Nam] Oh?
Can you give me some?
[Cha-young] This is for women.
They make them for men, though.
Ah!
You can't share.
I'll put the men's vitamins
on my supply list.
[Cha-young exhales]
[sighs]
Jang Han-seok needs to be forced
into the open.
Wusang and Jang Han-seo
are gonna be our best options.
Unfortunately, my gut tells me
they won't talk.
We need to get our hands
on someone who's seen Jang Han-seok.
That's going to be quite difficult.
How do we…
[screams]
Jeez!
What can we do for you?
[playful music]
Ms. Seo.
It's the monthly game day today.
We are all hoping you could join us.
-Game day?
-Game day.
Everyone in the Plaza
gets together once a month
for games and a few laughs.
-The losers buy lunch.
-I see.
We actually had to cancel last month
with everything that was going on.
-We would love both of you to join us.
-Tell me what game it is first.
The Mafia game today.
Really?
Are you familiar with the Mafia game?
By any chance?
I think I'll pass.
I'll stay and get some of this work done.
[clears throat]
You have to come, Mr. Cassano.
Game day is depending on you.
You don't go, I don't go.
-I, uh…
-[Cha-young hums]
She really wants you to come.
A break will be good.
[Mr. Nam] If you don't know the rules,
I'll explain them on our way.
-They are very simple.
-I have work to do.
Game day waits for no one.
Let's go. We could use
a bit of fun around here.
-That's right.
-I told you I'm busy--
Let's go. It'll be fun.
Everyone's gonna be there.
-Would you please--
-You'll see, it's fantastic--
I told you no!
[sighs]
-[all tapping on table]
-Everybody, wake up.
COP, CITIZEN, MAFIA, COP, MAFIA, CITIZEN
CITIZEN, CITIZEN, DOCTOR, CITIZEN, CITIZEN
CITIZEN, CITIZEN
[mysterious music]
[Mr. Tak] Well, it's obvious, isn't it?
Mr. Cassano.
-Mafia, right?
-[Vincenzo chuckles]
I think that handsome lawyer
across from me is Mafia too.
I'm afraid I'm not.
♪ Me thinks you are
Me thinks you are ♪
I don't look anything
like a member of the Mafia.
I'm with these guys
'cause you're acting too innocent.
[Mr. An] Mr. Cassano is not Mafia.
I'm sure he's holding the cop card.
[Toto] Hold on, hold on, hold on.
He's working with Mr. An who's Mafia too.
You can tell by the way
they look at each other. Right?
Nah. I think the lady
who runs the pawnshop is the Mafia.
-I've been watching her the whole time.
-And I'm sick of it.
Let's not forget the owner of Byebye
was the local Mafia before.
Why do you Byebye Balloon guys
think you can play with us?
No one here would ever invite you.
We heard it was for all the tenants.
Since we're part of the Geumga family now,
it includes us.
Right.
I think…
that Park Saeroyi wannabe
is definitely a Mafia.
Don't you dare insult me.
North Korea called. Their army wants you
to give them back their uniform.
Listen to this guy. He's being ridiculous.
-[both laugh]
-Rebel scum, you watch it.
Who's the rebel scum? You? I should…
Enough! Shush!
It's nighttime in the village.
Please put your heads down.
Okay? Time to vote.
-You're hogging my space.
-Seriously.
[all tapping]
Excuse me.
Excuse me!
[tapping stops]
Sorry. We're not open yet.
Mr. Vincenzo Cassano? Is he here?
I'm Vincenzo Cassano.
I'm from the International Crimes Division
of Namdongbu Prosecutor's Office.
I have a warrant for your arrest,
Mr. Cassano.
For attempted murder,
aiding and abetting, and blackmail.
You have the right to an attorney,
to explain yourself,
and to a writ of habeas corpus.
Come along.
What proof do you have for these charges?
You're in the Italian Mafia, right?
You're a consigliere.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
We're playing Mafia but it's just a game.
No one's really in the Mafia.
It's game day.
Cuffs, please.
[investigator] Stand up.
-What? They're arresting him?
-[Mr. Tak] What's going on?
[Yeon-jin] Honey.
-[Toto] Where are you taking him?
-[cuffs click]
-[Hui-su] What's going on, Mr. Cassano?
-You should finish.
You'll be my lawyer, Ms. Hong? I need one.
-[Larry] Wait. This is a game.
-[overlapping chatter]
[Cha-young] I'm his lawyer.
I'm coming with you.
[Toto] Really?
-[Hui-su] What?
-[Yeon-jin] I don't believe this.
Where are you going? Mr. An!
He's actually a Mafia also?
[knife clinks]
My cell phone was vibrating in my jacket.
[chuckles]
[Joon-woo] It was nuts.
Like some kind of horror show.
[Joon-woo chuckles]
It sounds like
you really dodged a bullet then.
But, you know, whatever they try…
they can never pin me down. Never.
[Joon-woo chuckles]
[knife clinks]
Sir?
Huh?
Maybe I could…
run the Pharma Division from now on.
Mm.
So you want me out
so you can do what you want?
No, no, that's not…
That's not what I meant.
It's just that I've learned
so much from you in the last little while
that I think you can trust me with it.
[chuckles]
Okay.
You have your own ideas, I take it.
[chuckles]
[scoffs]
[dishes shatter]
[chilling music]
Sir?
[gasps]
Should I stop your thinking
with one quick slash?
[whimpers]
[stammers]
I'm sorry. I just wanted
to help you. I'm really sorry.
I know.
-But if I die instead.
-No.
Don't, don't, don't!
This way, Babel will be all yours.
[chilling music continues]
[whimpers]
Don't do this.
I'm sorry. I didn't wanna upset you.
[stutters]
I only wanted to make things
easier for you by working hard.
I promise. I'm sorry. Don't be mad.
-My burden isn't Babel Pharmaceuticals.
-[gasps]
It's you.
[whimpers]
I'll never ask you
for something like that again.
I'm sorry. I swear it won't happen again.
I better not hear anything
like this from you again.
Or I swear…
-I will kill you.
-[whimpers]
You hear me, brother?
[tense music]
[Joon-woo grunts]
[knife clanks]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
I overreacted again.
[Joon-woo exhales]
From now on, I'll think it through
more carefully before I make suggestions.
-I'm gonna go now.
-[shudders]
Finish your steak.
I lost my appetite with your nonsense.
[chilling music]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[labored breathing]
Oh, no.
I'm so ashamed of myself.
I was so cocky.
In the movies,
the Mafia never shows any mercy.
They take their machine guns…
[mimics machine gun firing]
They shoot their enemies
and they hang the people in the village.
-[Yeon-jin] That's right.
-[Mr. Lee] What did I tell you?
-He's in another league.
-[gasps]
By the way, when the guy said
he was a corn salad, was that an insult?
I'm so confused.
I asked Toto earlier.
[sucks teeth]
Corn salad is what people call
a top Mafia leader like a colonel.
He's kind of savory
and mysterious at the same time.
Well, I think
if Mr. Cassano's so powerful,
we should ask him to help us out.
With what?
Finding the gold.
Nobody can hide stuff from the Mafia.
[Yeon-jin] Good idea.
We're not making any progress on our own.
Yeah. Once we tell him
about the hidden treasure,
I'm sure he'll come up with a great plan.
I suggest that we offer him
a small percentage
in exchange for helping us find the gold.
If he goes to jail, that might be tricky.
Why did the Namdongbu prosecutors
go after Cassano?
Wusang, Babel, and Namdongbu
have joined forces against him. I know it.
I knew this was bound
to turn into a big headache.
[sighs]
Do not get involve. It's too messy.
You can't mean that.
Vincenzo Cassano is too valuable an asset.
We need to claim him now.
No, we do not.
Trouble follows him like a shadow.
Let Namdongbu deal with it.
[sighs]
Sir…
does this job rob you of all your pride?
Pride?
What does my pride have to do with it?
The leader of Korea's International
Crimes Division has a name.
It's your name, Director Tae.
But those people in Namdongbu
have tried to ignore you
by disrespecting this office
and your experience.
Those no good prosecutors, amateurs,
who know nothing
about international crimes.
By tearing Mr. Cassano from their hands,
you'll send a message
that we are not to be ignored
and cement your legend.
You must show those two-bit scoundrels
not to mess with number one.
Number one! Number one!
[cleaner banging on windows]
Grazie for saying that!
[inhales deeply]
[chants]
Director Tae!
[both chanting]
Director Tae! Director Tae! Director Tae!
-Director Tae! Director Tae!
-Director--
-[slams table]
You want a leader?
Bring him here. We'll deal with him.
[chanting]
Director Tae!
-Director Tae!
-[Mr. An] Director Tae!
-[cleaner] Director Tae!
Director Tae!
-[Mr. An] Thank you, miss.
-[Director Tae grunts]
[papers rustling]
The Cassano Family's consigliere.
[scoffs]
[prosecutor] You sure know
how to work your knife, don't you?
Hmm?
How many people did you kill?
These pictures are not sufficient grounds
for arrest, you know.
You're breaking the law.
Does this look sufficient?
No, it doesn't.
Mr. Cassano is not connected
to the acts depicted here.
These do not constitute reasonable cause.
"Reasonable cause," she says.
Your client has caused a lot of trouble
around here these days.
Given the circumstances,
I would say it's reasonable
that you get deported.
Assuming grounds for deportation are met.
I guarantee you I have the grounds.
That sounds familiar.
Predetermine the sentence,
then fabricate the evidence supporting it.
You better watch what you say.
We're done here. Escort them out.
I demand you release him.
[Cha-young gasps]
-[investigator] Let's go.
-[cuffs clink]
[suspenseful music]
I'll get you out.
It might take a little while, that's all.
Don't worry.
I can handle it.
-Come on.
-Let's go.
[Mr. An] Hold it!
[mysterious music]
[suspenseful music]
Gi-seok?
[suspenseful music continues]
Who are you?
We're here on behalf of the International
Security Intelligence Service,
International Organized Crime Bureau.
And I am…
Agent An Gi-seok. Team Leader.
AN GI-SEOK
No way.
Vincenzo Cassano is to be
immediately released into our custody.
[prosecutor] You gotta be kidding.
We brought the guy in.
Mr. Cassano is ours.
His cooperation has been classified
as a matter of national security.
The details will remain confidential
but you're now obligated to release him
and hand over any and all evidence
you may possess.
This is our warrant
issued by the Ministry of Justice.
Oops.
Key, please.
Nice.
[cuffs clinking]
Let's go, Mr. Vincenzo Cassano.
Ms. Hong Cha-young.
[suspenseful music]
[chuckles]
[prosecutor grunts]
Ow!
Damn it! You're gonna pay for that.
[prosecutor groans]
-Sorry.
-[prosecutor groans]
[Joon-woo] The International Security
Intelligence Service?
[Ms. Choi] Yes.
They said they wanted
to keep an eye on him
for national security reasons.
National security reasons?
Do you think that's actually true?
I'm not entirely sure. But I think…
that bigger forces are operating
behind this, huh.
[Ms. Choi] With all due respect, sir,
you need to protect yourself.
-Your identity cannot be revealed.
-[Mr. Han] Right.
We're up against an intelligence agency.
Their resources are even better than ours.
The Bureau, especially.
Intel's their thing.
[stammers]
Right. That's what they do.
[scoffs]
Do you think it's possible he's actually
a spy and not a gangster, huh?
He's a spy, I'm sure of it.
Ms. Choi just mentioned that.
Vincenzo. Vincenzo!
[mysterious music]
Tell me.
Have you actually been watching me
since I got here.
[Mr. An] Yes, I have.
I have no choice, it was my mission.
I know everything, sir.
And that includes all the work you've put
into identifying the real face of Babel.
Why didn't you make a move before, Mr. An?
If you've broken a law, I would have been
obligated to break my cover, of course.
Instead, consigliere fought for justice.
Buddha knows without a voice too.
So I didn't do anything.
Uh-huh. Buddha works his magic once again.
I'm curious, where does we go from here?
Wusang, Babel Corp,
you still wanna take them down?
Yeah.
I can help you.
I'm hoping we can work as a team.
I'm sorry, but this doesn't make
any sense right now.
You want us to work together?
Yes, I have to. In the name of justice
and for the good of my country.
You know I'm a Mafia lawyer.
Are you sure you're comfortable
working with me?
Your history doesn't matter.
I've an opportunity to work with someone
I respect a lot.
Because you've shown you're remorseful,
and you were devoted to fighting evil.
[dramatic music]
We would be honored to work with you
to continue fighting evil.
-It's settled, then.
-Deal.
But I have three conditions.
-Conditions. Really?
-One.
I wanna be included as an official member
of whatever this is called.
Okay.
Two.
You don't tell the others
I'm a secret agent.
Okay.
Three…
You give me a giant hug.
Okay.
What?
-What?
-As inappropriate as this might seem…
working with you is such an honor.
He said it's an honor.
Bring it in already.
-What do you want me to do?
-[clicks tongue]
[clears throat]
[chuckles]
Will you settle for a handshake?
Hmm.
Thank you.
[both gasp]
["Adrenaline" by Solar plays]
[both exclaim]
[Vincenzo] Oh!
[Vincenzo]
Mr. An, could you back off a bit?
-[sighs]
-[Mr. An] I can't believe it.
I… I've realized the dream
of meeting a real consigliere.
I can die a happy man now,
Mr. Consigliere.
[Mr. An sobs, gasps]
[eerie music]
These pictures…
Namdongbu turned those over
when we asked for evidence.
[Mr. An] Do you see something,
Consigliere?
[in Italian]
Oh, my god.
What's the matter?
[Vincenzo in English]
These didn't come from here.
Jang Han-seok had to get this from the guy
who was asking about me in Italy.
There's no prosecutor who could get these.
That would mean…
it's possible that Jang Han-seok
and this other guy actually met?
He took no risk.
Jang Han-seok would want to ensure
this package
was delivered to him directly.
Oh! I'm getting goosebumps. Oh, my.
[Mr. An sighs]
We're one step away
from the real chairman.
All we have to do is get our hands
on his accomplice.
Let's make that happen.
-An.
-Yes?
I mean, Agent An.
[gasps]
You know we're counting on you.
I'm honored.
Thank you. I'll be in touch.
-[gasps]
-Thank you.
[Vincenzo] Ms. Hong.
[Cha-young] I look forward
to working with you. See you at the Plaza.
Mr. Consigliere, I know we can get him.
We can do this. I know it. Let's go.
Mamma mia.
[exhales]
[huffs]
The Korean man who was asking about you?
[Vincenzo] Yes.
See if you can get a photo
or a video of him.
I heard he met with Giorgio
at Hotel Caruso.
I'll look into the security cameras there.
Do it as soon as possible.
[in English]
How long do you think it'll take?
-Three or four hours, I think.
-Wow.
[Vincenzo sighs]
[marching band playing]
WELCOME BACK
MAFIA'S CORN SALAD VINCENZO!
[stomping]
-I… have to leave.
-[Cha-young] You're not going anywhere.
Don't.
[Mr. Lee] This way!
We're waiting for you.
-Coming.
-[chuckles]
[Cha-young humming]
[Cha-young giggles]
-Geumga Plaza has a new hero.
-Enough.
Have you ever had an honor guard before?
You're like royalty.
[laughs]
[tenants cheer]
[applause]
[dramatic music]
[Vincenzo grunts]
Ah…
[Mr. Tak] Oh, it's my honor to be
the first to welcome our hero
back to the Geumga family.
-[Cha-young] Yes!
-[tenants cheer]
-Yay!
-Welcome home.
Everybody wants to come in for hugs today.
[Mr. Lee] Geumga Plaza…
-deserves an experienced leader.
-Yes.
Someone who's not afraid to take action.
A true champion.
[Toto] Mafia families all have
their own turf, right?
-[Yeon-jin] Right.
-We want you to make Geumga your new turf.
-Yes.
-You're our Corn Salad.
[Hui-su] Please teach us your Mafia ways
so we can fight alongside you.
I…
[sighs]
[Mi-ri] Peace and quiet is overrated.
-Teach us how to go full gangster.
-[exhales]
When I found out you're with the Mafia,
-I felt like we finally hit the jackpot.
-Yes.
Let's do this, Corn Salad!
[all whoop]
[all chanting]
Corn Salad! Corn Salad! Corn Salad!
I'm not a Corn Salad.
[chuckles]
Consigliere is how you say it.
Consigliere. Consigliere. Please.
-What's that?
-Toto said
that Mafia people
call their lawyers corn salad.
-So that's how we pronounced that.
-[Yeon-jin] That's what you said.
-You!
-[grunts]
[Toto] Uh, I said consigliere.
The last syllable
it's, uh, it's very soft.
[Mr. Lee] Let's move on.
-Applause!
-[cheering, whooping]
-[Yeon-jin] Yay!
-[Mr. Tak] Consigliere!
Don Vincenzo.
It's tradition to celebrate your freedom
by eating tofu.
Please take a bite.
Thank you. I'm good.
[overlapping dialogue]
It's one bite. Just humor us.
-Take it, sir.
-[Hui-su] A big bite.
-[Mr. Tak] Ah…
-[Yeon-jin] Wow.
-[Cha-young] There you go.
-[all cheer]
-[Mr. Nam] Thank you, sir.
-[all laugh]
-[Mr. Park sighs]
-[Larry] Mr. Cassano!
Good thing we didn't cross that guy, huh?
-It could have been the end of us.
-[Mr. Tak] That's our boy!
Do you think he might try
to get back at us anyway?
We look so pathetic.
What would be the point of that?
[tenants laughing]
[Vincenzo groans]
[Mr. Nam panting]
I have to say
this feels absolutely amazing.
It's what I've always imagined.
The hero's welcome would be for Kim Du-han
and the Jongno rebels by his side.
Stand up, Du-han.
Du-han, you're the pride of Joseon!
No. Get up!
You must! You are--
-Mr. Nam.
-Yes?
-That's enough.
-Oh, okay.
With so much support, your new
family headquarters should be here.
You could be the, uh, Corn Salad clan.
-[sighs]
-[phone buzzes]
[huffs]
Yes?
Ah, tell me, Luca.
Oh. It's Luca. Luca.
-Luca? Luca.
-[Cha-young] Luca.
[suspenseful music]
[Cha-young] I'm so jealous.
Your guy works really fast.
-The Mafia's resources are insane.
-I know.
[Mr. Nam] So impressive.
-[Mr. Nam clapping]
-Hah! Wow.
By the way, can we use this video?
To find this person
without any other information?
[suspenseful music intensifies]
-[Vincenzo] Can you find out who he is?
-Of course.
We can find anyone. This is child's play.
Can you tell me how long it will take?
Hmm. My team needs about five hours,
I would say.
[Cha-young] Oh.
That's very impressive, Agent An.
Then again, it's nice to know
where all my taxes are going.
[Toto singing in operatic tone]
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
What are you doing, An? Get their order.
Right away. You said the pasta, sir?
The porcini spaghetti special?
[Toto] Okay.
-Kimchi fried rice.
-Okay.
Kimchi fried rice please, chef.
Okay. Kimchi fried rice…
This is a pasta restaurant.
Who comes in asking for…
[gasps]
Si.
[chopping]
[pants]
I'm so glad I finally found you.
Chaesin.
Is there an emergency?
I WANT TO REPORT A CORRUPT TEMPLE
[mysterious music]
The inspectors didn't give you any idea
who might have posted this?
That's right, Ms. Hong.
It's an anonymous forum.
[Cha-young] We could sue for defamation.
We ask for compensation
and immediate retraction
of these accusations.
Do you know what happens
if you can't prove it's not true?
Brother Chaesin and I
would be suspended which means…
we would have to close the temple.
[Chaesin] This is so unfair.
He's so devoted.
Brother Jeokha has given his entire life
to Buddha's teachings.
[Cha-young] First, we have to find
who posted these lies on the forum.
[exhales]
[tense music]
[gunshot]
By the way, Mr. Jang, it doesn't bother me
but it's quite loud.
Are you sure it's okay?
People hunt in the mountains near here.
I can do it in my own yard.
-Okay.
-[gun clicks]
-[Mr. Jang] Damn it.
-How can you be so far off?
Sir, are you aiming for the bottles
or that patch of dirt?
It's sticky.
The trigger's sticky. Go ahead.
You try it.
-Shooting?
-Yes, try it.
Uh, I'll try. You surprised me.
-See, you do it.
-Okay, I'll try.
Uh, it's heavy.
I feel kinda funny.
Shoot the damn gun.
Right. Here goes.
[clears throat]
[gunshot]
How…
I was in the service.
Marksmanship was my thing.
[chuckles]
The gun is working fine.
[snickers]
[Mr. Han whooping]
[Mr. Han hums]
-[Mr. Han howls]
-How did he do that?
[rattling]
-[gun thuds]
-[Mr. Jang exhales]
That bastard.
He'll never let me be in charge of Babel,
I guarantee you.
He's obsessed with trying to beat Vincenzo
when he obviously can't win.
Well… Hmm…
I have to admit, Vincenzo has been
outsmarting your brother.
The ambush at the underpass
was a disaster.
I know.
That could have been the end of him
if he had caught him in the tunnel.
[foreboding music]
[sighs]
I wish they had him caught him, though.
That would clear the path for you,
wouldn't it?
-What I meant to say was that…
-You want your brother gone.
Babel is your birthright as much as his.
Don't say things like that.
It's the aftermath that's keeping you
from doing it, right?
Running Babel on your own
is a little scary, isn't it?
But you can do it.
I promise I will do everything I can
to help you run your company as chairman.
[foreboding music continues]
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
Will Ms. Choi be on board if we do this?
One thing about Ms. Choi…
uh, the woman does not like to take risks.
Count her out then.
Do you think…
-I can really do this?
-Absolutely.
Sir, I will put my life on the line
to support you.
We can make this happen.
We wouldn't fly into this blindly
like moths to a flame.
We would be the phoenix
rising from the ash.
Help me come up with a plan…
to kill my brother.
[off-key piano tinkling]
[sighs]
Shoot.
[soft piano tinkling]
[ominous music]
[off-key piano tinkling]
[Mr. Cho] Mr. Cassano.
[exhales]
There was an issue at the temple.
Are you the anonymous writer?
Uh, yeah.
You see, I should have asked you first.
I'm just impatient for the gold.
[ominous music continues]
It was wrong.
I should apologize.
I've let it drag on too long.
I completely understand your frustration.
[Mr. Cho] I was a little hot-headed.
I shouldn't have done it.
It won't happen again.
We need to stick together.
It's worked for us so far.
We're friends, aren't we?
Uh, yes. Yes, we are.
We'll discuss everything
like we have been.
Can you update the post
and retract your accusations?
There's no reason to punish the monks.
Of course. It was a mistake.
So fix it. Have a good night.
You too.
[suspenseful music]
-[sighs]
-[door clattering]
-I'm so happy to see you.
-Mr. Tak.
-We need to talk.
-[Vincenzo grunts]
-This building is full of what bars?
-Gold.
-"Gold"?
[Mr. Lee] A reliable source told us.
There's 12 billion worth of gold bars
that a team of workers hid
in a secret chamber in this building.
But so far, none of us
have managed to find it.
We've searched
every nook and cranny for weeks.
This person told you or you overheard it?
It's a homeless guy named Gilbert
who told us.
Oh.
I see.
Isn't your specialty finding stuff out?
Does everyone in the Plaza know?
Yes. Except for you three
from the law firm.
[sighs]
[Hui-su] If you help us,
we'll give you a percentage.
We have an agreement to cut you in.
-What?
-[all gasp]
You scared the life out of us.
What I meant was…
What?
-We're sitting on a fortune.
-Yes.
That's worth 12 billion. Wow!
-Keep it down.
-The entire building is full of gold?
-Not so loud.
-What?
-Please. Shh. Shh. Just whisper.
-Quiet.
Oh. Sorry.
Right. We should be discreet.
-A little bit.
-[Vincenzo] Yes.
Shh…
-One question.
-Yes?
Couldn't someone show up
and say it's theirs?
It didn't get there on its own.
If someone tried claiming it… too bad.
-Finders keepers.
-[Mr. Lee laughs]
-And you're a keeper.
-[all laugh]
-You're my keeper.
-[Hui-su] You're so funny.
-[Yeon-jin] I'll be here all week.
[all laugh]
[Mr. Lee] Please help us.
Thank you. Bye. See you.
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
Wha… Those people have a lot of nerve
trying to claim my gold.
[grunts]
[groans]
[exhales]
[digital trilling]
[tense music]
[beeps]
[Mr. An whistling]
Huh?
Oh, who's this from?
[suspenseful music]
[door closes]
REPORT ON KIM SANG-YUN
PERSONAL INFORMATION ON KIM SANG-YUN
[Cha-young] Kim Sang-yun, 41 years old.
Former VP of DO Arms,
a multinational arms company,
now a European weapons industry lobbyist
and informant for hire.
[Vincenzo] Mm-hm.
That's why his information was so good.
At least he's in Korea, easier to get him.
And Jang Han-seok won't know what hit him.
[phone buzzes]
What is it?
We should meet today.
I have new information.
[Cha-young] I'm not falling for it.
I'm serious.
Babel wants to back pedal.
Compensation is denied.
What?
[sighs]
All right.
I have to meet with Joon-woo.
You guys are good here?
Sure.
[suspenseful music]
[car alarm beeps]
[tense music]
Who are you?
[tense music continues]
[lighter clinks]
[ominous music]
I won't deny I did those things,
but you only gave Jang Han-seok
one side of me.
-He doesn't have the whole picture.
-[lighter clinks]
I contribute to worthy causes
and help save people's lives.
[lighter clinks]
I usually do kill people who conspire
against me but not always.
I have been known to spare some.
Don't trouble yourself.
You want me to reveal
Jang Han-seok's identity.
So you might as well kill me
because I won't tell you.
If I give you that information,
he'll kill me by the end of the week.
[lighter clinks]
What if I guarantee
you'll make out of this alive?
No one can guarantee that.
And anyway, I don't trust you.
[sneers]
[lighter clinks]
[Vincenzo] So you'll keep your secret
and stay loyal to him.
-[scoffs]
-[lighter clinks]
Like a true lobbyist.
I've been tortured by rebels, terrorists,
the Mafia, Russians.
This doesn't scare me.
The pain I've endured
is well beyond your imagination.
Interesting you brought that up.
There are limits when it comes to pain.
But there are none… when it comes to fear.
[lighter clinks]
[suspenseful music]
-[clicks]
-[heavy breathing]
[clicks]
[sighs]
[scoffs]
I would say the first round
is a stalemate.
Round two.
Except I'm first this time.
[clicks]
What kind of sick game is this?
-[trigger clicks]
-[gasps]
Second round also seems to be a tie.
-Third time's a charm.
-[gun cocks]
We'll play in reverse order.
[clicks]
-[snaps]
-[whimpers]
[quivers, sobs]
Something tells me it's unlikely
to get four times in a row.
[clicks]
Come on, don't pull, don't pull!
Don't pull the trigger.
I'll tell you everything
about Jang Han-seok.
Wusang.
He's a lawyer at Wusang.
[suspenseful music]
[Sang-yun] He goes by another name there.
Jang Joon-woo.
[suspenseful music rises]
Now give me the goods.
Mm.
No.
Give and take.
I'll let you see this,
and you share something personal.
-What? What kind of rules are those?
-Forget it then.
Hey. Hey!
Deal.
[Cha-young clicks tongue]
REPORT ON BABEL'S
COMPENSATION WITHDRAWAL
This report is from Ms. Choi to Mr. Han.
But I rescued it from the recycling bin.
THERE IS NOT ENOUGH CAUSE
TO COMPENSATE…
Babel Pharmaceuticals and Chemicals
are withdrawing compensation.
There'll be a press conference next week.
Jang Han-seo held a press conference
and promised they would pay.
I despise these assholes.
Now pay up. Start by telling me
what you've been up to.
[phone beeps, line rings]
[Cha-young] Yes.
Keep a straight face and just listen.
Jang Joon-woo is our guy.
He's Jang Han-seok.
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo] Your favorite intern
isn't who he pretends to be.
He's been behind us all along.
[foreboding music]
So what will you do?
I'd stick to the plan, if I were you.
[foreboding music continues]
[clicks tongue]
[sighs]
[hums]
[beeps]
[grunts]
[exhales]
[Vincenzo] Jang Joon-woo.
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music rises]
[Joon-woo] Mr. Cassano.
[suspenseful music continues]
Whoa!
Kneel down.
-What are you doing here?
-Drop…
to your knees.
[nervous breathing]
Uh, this is kind of scary.
What exactly is going on?
[Joon-woo] Hmm?
[suspenseful music continues]
Game over.
Jang Han-seok.
Ah, shit.
Secret's out.
How did you find me?
It's not the fire
that gives the enemy away,
it's the smoke that betrays him.
I guess there was still a trail to follow.
Even though I tried to smother it.
I'll grant you a last prayer.
I don't believe in prayer.
[chilling music]
Pull the trigger…
you Mafia bastard.
[scoffs]
Sounds good to me.
[clicks]
[tense music]
[gun fires]
[epic music]
[suspenseful music]
It's time for you to make a decision.
[Vincenzo] I guess a war broke out.
I heard that you're ready to bring
all six charges against Babel Group.
The entire country will be in an uproar
if this is exposed.
I'll help you kill my brother as you wish.
[Mr. Jang]
So just leave me and Babel alone.
[Ms. Choi] If you choose the wrong one,
you'll end up falling to your death.
[Vincenzo] I really am
gonna kill you soon. Run if you're afraid.
I'll follow you there too.